The task ’hold the snickers’ may involve the following objects:
snickers.

The task ’wipe the table’ may involve the following objects:
table, napkin, sponge, towel.

The task ’put a water bottle and an oatmeal next to the microwave’ may involve the following objects:
water bottle, oatmeal, microwave.

The task ’place the mug in the cardboard box’ may involve the following objects:
mug, cardboard box.

The task ’go to the fridge’ may involve the following objects:
fridge.

The task ’put a grapefruit from the table into the bowl’ may involve the following objects:
grapefruit, table, bowl.

The task ’can you open the glass jar’ may involve the following objects:
glass jar.

The task ’heat up the taco and bring it to me’ may involve the following objects:
taco, human, microwave oven, fridge.

The task ’hold the fancy plate with flower pattern’ may involve the following objects:
fancy plate with flower pattern.

The task ’put the fruits in the fridge’ may involve the following objects:
fridge, apple, orange, banana, peach, grape, blueberry.

The task ’get a sponge from the counter and put it in the sink’ may involve the following objects:
sponge, counter, sink.

The task ’empty the water bottle’ may involve the following objects:
water bottle, sink.

The task ’i am hungry, give me something to eat’ may involve the following objects:
human, candy, snickers, chips, apple, banana, orange.

The task ’go to the trash can for bottles’ may involve the following objects:
trash can for bottles.

The task ’put the apple in the basket and close the door’ may involve the following objects:
apple, basket, door.

The task ’help me make a cup of coffee’ may involve the following objects:
cup, coffee, mug, coffee machine.

The task ’check what time is it now’ may involve the following objects:
clock, watch.

The task ’let go of the banana’ may involve the following objects:
banana, trash can.

The task ’put the grapes in the bowl and then move the cheese to the table’ may involve the following objects:
grape, bowl, cheese.

The task ’find a coffee machine’ may involve the following objects:
coffee machine.

The task ’clean up the spilled coke’ may involve the following objects:
spilled coke, towel, mop, napkin, sponge.

The task ’bring me some soft drinks’ may involve the following objects:
human, pepsi, coke, sprite, fanta, 7 up.

The task ’boil some water’ may involve the following objects:
water, kettle, sink, tap.

The task ’wash the dishes’ may involve the following objects:
sink, tap, mug, plate, bowl, fork, spoon, knife.

The task ’place a knife and a banana to the table’ may involve the following objects:
knife, banana, table.
